1.) First create User role & assign role function  . User Creation ->Create User Role & Function
  eg : Role : MRN Creator ,  System Function : Create & Edit MRN
       Role : MRN Approval  , System Function : Create & Edit MRN , Approve MRN
       Role : Store Keeper  , System Function : Create & Edit  MRN , View Submitted MRN (1.Used to Add to PR) , Genearte GRN ,
       (After GRN Approved)  View GRN (Issue item to store or Warehouse) ,View Submitted MRN (1.Used to Add to Inventory) ,
       Warhouse -> View Issued Inventory (After Adding to inventory he issues the item to requester), Create & Edit PR.       
	MRN Approval can be deapartment Head . If so he can See "Material Requests -> View Delivered Inventory" . After Store keeper issues to 		requester . Head of Department confirms that he or requester in his department got the item.

        I write following  step by step of Store Keeper functionality
        1.) Store keeper can directly create PR or MRN . But MRN can be to anyone  but PR is only Store keeper.
        2.) Consider a staff created MRN. MRN Approved by his department head. Then Store Keeper goes to View Submiitted MRN and add to PR
        3.) PR is Approved by Department Head (Same who approved MRN). Then Procuremnets & Purchaing happens . Then GRN is Raise or Created By 	Store Keeper.
        4.) This is Approved by Head of Warehouses or Stores. Then Store Keeper Goes to "View GRN" and issues items bought to Stores/Warehouse.
            The Invenotry gets updated.
        5.) Then Under MRN Request , View Submitted MRN he can open the plus mark and see the avaialble stocks got updated .Store Keeper Add 	    inventory into stores (what he got he enters again to Stores)
        6.) Then Under Warehouse , View Issued Inventory here he issues the item to requesters. But still item didnt get reduced from availble 	stock.
	7.) Then Department head who approved the MRN finds item in under Material Requests "View Delivered Inventory" and confirms that he got 	this item. Now the stock get reduced.
                
2.) Create User

	While creating User assign system role.

3.) Create Department
	Go to Edit User and assign Department for User.
     
4.) Assign Head Of Department.

        Assign who is Head of Stores.

Then Noremal MRN or PR Procedures



